DOCS-3604 CORE 13.0 Reorganization - Update the Replications Task Article (#1359)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/CreatingReplicationTasks/AdvancedReplication.md

![TasksReplicationAddAdvanced](/images/CORE/12.0/TasksReplicationAddAdvanced.png "Advanced Replication Tasks")

Options group by category.
Options can appear, disappear, or be disabled depending on the configuration choices you make.
Start by configuring the **General** options first, then the **Transport** options before configuring replication **Sources** and **Destination**.

Name the task.
Each task name must be unique, and we recommend you name it in a way that makes it easy to remember what the task is doing.

Choose whether the local system is sending (*Push*) or receiving data (*Pull*) and decide what **Transport** method to use for the replication before configuring the other sections.

### Transport Options

The **Transport** selector determines the method to use for the replication:
*SSH* is the standard option for sending or receiving data from a remote system, but *SSH+NETCAT* is  faster for replications within completely secure networks.
*Local* is only used for replicating data to another location on the same system.

> With *SSH*-based replications, configure the transport method by selecting the **SSH Connection** to the remote system that will send or receive snapshots.

Reviewer: reword to remove will from sentence
```suggestion
With SSH-based replications, configure the transport method by selecting the **SSH Connection** to the remote system that sends or receives snapshots.
```

Options for compressing data, adding a bandwidth limit, or other data stream customizations are available.  **Stream Compression** options are only available when using SSH. Before enabling **Compressed WRITE Records**, verify that the destination system supports compressed WRITE records. 

![TasksReplicationAddAvancedTransportOptions](/images/CORE/12.0/TasksReplicationAddAdvancedTransportOptions.png "Advanced Replication: Transport")

For *SSH+NETCAT* replications, you also need to define the addresses and ports to use for the Netcat connection.

{{< hint warning >}}
**Allow Blocks Larger than 128KB** is a one-way toggle.

> Replication tasks using large block replication will only continue to work as long as this option remains enabled.

Reviewer: reword to remove will from sentence 
```suggestion
Replication tasks using large block replication only continue to work as long as this option remains enabled.
```
